Add decrypt filter (#71)
ansible-collections/community.sops: README.md

Example:

```yaml
tasks:
  - name: Load sops encrypted data
    ansible.builtin.set_fact:
      encrypted_data: "{{ lookup('file', '/path/to/sops-encrypted-file.enc.yaml') }}"

  - name: Output secrets to screen (BAD IDEA!)
    ansible.builtin.debug:
      msg: "Content: {{ encrypted_data | community.sops.decrypt(output_type='yaml') }}"
```

See [Filter Plugins](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html) for more details on filters.

Please note that if you put a Jinja2 expression in a variable, it will be evaluated **every time it is used**. Decrypting data takes a certain amount of time. If you need to use an expression multiple times, it is better to store its evaluated form as a fact with `ansible.bulitin.set_fact` first:

```yaml
tasks:
  - name: Decrypt data
    ansible.builtin.set_fact:
      decrypted_data: "{{ encrypted_data | community.sops.decrypt }}"
    run_once: true  # if encrypted_data is identical on all hosts

  - name: Output decrypted secrets multiple times (BAD IDEA!)
    ansible.builtin.debug:

>       msg: "Decrypted data: {{ decrypted_data}}"

Author: The bad part is that it dumps the secret with `debug` :) I think I'll adjust this example.

>       msg: "Decrypted data: {{ decrypted_data}}"

Author: Updated in a9adc06030e6d695ee7a86ba95dce6cbc4bb91dc.

  - name: Load sops encrypted data
    ansible.builtin.set_fact:
      encrypted_data: "{{ lookup('file', '/path/to/sops-encrypted-file.enc.yaml') }}"

  - name: Output secrets to screen (BAD IDEA!)
    ansible.builtin.debug:
      msg: "Content: {{ encrypted_data | community.sops.decrypt(output_type='yaml') }}"
```

See [Filter Plugins](https://docs.ansible.com/ansible/latest/user_guide/playbooks_filters.html) for more details on filters.

Please note that if you put a Jinja2 expression in a variable, it will be evaluated **every time it is used**. Decrypting data takes a certain amount of time. If you need to use an expression multiple times, it is better to store its evaluated form as a fact with `ansible.bulitin.set_fact` first:

```yaml
tasks:
  - name: Decrypt data once
    ansible.builtin.set_fact:
      decrypted_data: "{{ encrypted_data | community.sops.decrypt }}"
    run_once: true  # if encrypted_data is identical on all hosts

  - name: Use decrypted secrets multiple times
    ansible.builtin.openssl_privatekey:
      path: "/path/to/private_{{ item }}.pem"
      passphrase: "{{ decrypted_data }}"
      cipher: auto
    loop:
      - foo
      - bar
      - baz
```

> By using `{{ encrypted_data | community.sops.decrypt }}` instead of `{{ decrypted_data }}` in the debug task, the data would be decrypted three times for every host this is executed for. With the `ansible.builtin.set_fact` and `run_once: true`, it is evaluated only once.

Reviewer: leftover :)

```suggestion
By using `{{ encrypted_data | community.sops.decrypt }}` instead of `{{ decrypted_data }}` in the `openssl_privatekey` task, the data would be decrypted three times for every host this is executed for. With the `ansible.builtin.set_fact` and `run_once: true`, it is evaluated only once.
```
